Update docs to hide Mesos (#4413)
DataBiosphere/toil: docs/running/cloud/cloud.rst

Toil supports Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Google Compute Engine (GCE) in the cloud and has autoscaling capabilities
that can adapt to the size of your workflow, whether your workflow requires 10 instances or 20,000.

Toil does this by creating a virtual cluster with `Kubernetes`_.  `Kubernetes`_ requires a leader node to coordinate
the workflow, and worker nodes to execute the various tasks within the workflow.  As the workflow runs, Toil will

> "autoscale", creating and terminating workers as needed to meet the demands of the workflow. Historically, Toil spins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"autoscale", creating and terminating workers as needed to meet the demands of the workflow. Historically, Toil has spun
```
